Frequently Asked Questions

Important note-
DO NOT ADD YOUR OWN SCRIPTS/EVENTS TO PNP'S SCRIPT FILES. If you want to
add stuff, go to File->New or File->Load to create your own script file.
If you add your own stuff to PnP's files, it can very easily cause problems.

See the end of this file for known issues with PnP and specific software,
OSes, or scripts.

Q; Where should I send bug reports?
A; Use our forum on www.kristshell.net/pnp/ 
   or open an issue on https://github.com/solbu/Peace-and-Protection/issues

Q: The command "/load -rs script\first.mrc" say that the file
   does not exist. Now what?
A: From v6.3 and onwards, mIRC changed the way it installs itself on a system.
   mIRC v6.3 and later now install it self into
   %appdata%\mIRC\
   We have been told that this is because of compatibility issues with Windows Vista.
   You should therefore also install Pnp into that directory and not
   "C:\Program files\mIRC\" as before, even when you do not have Vista.

   There are 3 different ways to locate the mIRC folder where the PnP
   files are to be installed proceed: (Pick one)
   1. Logokey + R (or Start -> Run) and type: %APPDATA%\mIRC
   2. Inside mIRC, type: //run $mircdir
   3. Copy mirc.ini from above folder to where you installed the software.

   1 or 2 should take you to the folder where files are supposed to be extracted.
   Number 3 forces mIRC to think it's an old installation
   and it will use files in its own folder like it once used to do.

Q; How do I put notices back in active?
A; PnP menu -> Configure, look under 'Display - Text', or use the
   /textopt command to quickly go to that section.

Q; The help popups/buttons don't work.
A; PnP 4.0x currently has no help. At all. (except these TXT files)
   Sorry.

Q; What is the latest version of PnP? When will you update?
A; The latest version of PnP will always be announced on the front
   page of www.kristshell.net/pnp/.

Q; How can I import settings?
A; 4.0x doesn't have the ability to import PnP 3.20 settings.
   You can import profiles (/profile) from any version of PnP from
   4.0x forward, or plain mIRC, currently. Importing from PnP versions
   older than 4.0x will just get the mIRC settings.

   If you install PnP 4.0x over an older copy of PnP 4.0x, your
   settings should automatically be retained.

Q; Can I use 3.20 addons?
A; Some 3.20 addons may work. If you encounter odd problems, unload
   the addon. The EasyPing addon from 3.20 is NOT supported. Please
   use the /ezping features in the 4.00 extras addon instead. Please
   note that most 3.20 addons were designed for older mIRCs and by
   now may not work at all.

Q; How can I help out?
A; If you are fluent in English and another language, and want to
   help write translations for PnP, contact me at pai@kristshell.net/pnp/.
   You can see the file "english.ini" in the Script\Trans subfolder
   for an idea of what is involved in translation. I currently do
   not want help actually writing the script, thanks.

Q; How do I fix the "/run: Command disabled" error?
   (also known as "why can't I play my sounds" and "PnP tells me
    sounds are not properly indexed but it won't index them")
A; To fix the /run disable, do the following-

   1) Open mIRC options (Alt+O)
   2) Go to the last section listed, 'Other', and make sure it's
      sub-tree is open (if there is a + next to 'Other', click it
      to expand the tree)
   3) Go to the Lock section.
   4) Find the option under 'Disable features' for Run, and
      uncheck it.
   5) Click OK.

   This is a mIRC feature to disable /run usage, and must be turned
   off for some scripts to work. 

   You can then play and index sounds normally.

Q; Can you do an IRCop addon?
A; I am not an ircop, nor will I probably ever be, so no. I will not
   make an addon on something I do not know well and won't ever use.

Q; Can you make a fileserver addon?
A; I don't plan on it, as I never use fileservers in any way. There
   is an XDCC addon for limited filesharing.

Q; Why is my nickname not showing up before my text? (or, how can I
   keep my nickname from showing up before my text?)
A; Go into mIRC options, into the IRC section, and enable or disable
   "Prefix own messages".

Q; How can I get the @ and + symbols to show up next to user's
   nicknames? (or how do I disable this?)
A; Go into mIRC options, into the IRC section, and enable or disable
   "Show mode prefix".

Q; Why do you need five (or even ten) seconds to start up?
A; 90% of this time is spent on integrity checks and configuration
   reloading. In other words, you could probably get along without
   most of it, until one day when something broke, and you'd come
   complaining to me about how to fix it.

Q; But startup sometimes stalls or locks up!
A; First, try deleting the TEMP subdir that's inside the SCRIPT folder.

   If it locks up and you have to use Ctrl+Alt+Del to end the task
   more than once, PnP should auto-detect this on the second or
   third start and disable the DDE functions. (these are 99% of
   the time the cause for lockups, although it occurs very rarely.)

   You can use /ddeoff to manually disable the DDE functions. (or
   /ddeon to enable them) However, if you do this, you should probably
   not use the Profiles functions, nor run PnP (from the same
   directory) more than once at a time.

Q; Your fonts suck; how do I change them?
A; First, go to the Status Window. Press ALT+V and change the font
   to your favorite font.

   Now, type /fontfix. This lets you 'apply' the Status Window
   font to any or all other windows.

   You can also change fonts from Theme Central. (/theme)

Q; Why do you remove doubled spaces in text that I see or type?
A; Because of how mIRC works, any script that changes display
   will, as a side-effect, remove doubled spaces. There is no
   way around this if you use a custom text scheme.

   You may use "/text off" to disable PnP's text theme features,
   and then doubled spaces will act as normal in most cases.

   You can also press Alt+Q to enable mIRC's second channel editbox,
   and type or paste your text there. PnP ignores anything typed
   into this box, allowing spacing to be retained.

   There is no way for PnP to handle sound filenames with doubled
   spaces. This is simply a limitation of mIRC.

Q; Can I disable the startup screen?
A; Yes, in Configuration (/config) under 'Other'.

Q; Why do I get the error msg "No matching MPEG files found." when
   I try to play a random sound?
A; On your menubar, go to PnP -> Sounds -> Configure -> Sound Types.
   Select your MPEG sound type and click settings. At this point you
   should be in the Sound Config dialog. Click on the Directories
   button, then Add your MP3 directory. Then you're all set. :)

Q; Why don't the X commands show up in channel/nicklist popups?
A; You must tell the script what access level you have. Right-click
   in each channel you have access, and select X -> My Access and
   select an access level.
   
Q; NickServ (or ChanServ) is on this network, but the popups and
   commands don't appear or work!
A; Type /ns on (or /cs on) and you will be able to enable services
   support for the current network.

KNOWN ISSUES-

Window Blinds: When using window blinds theming, spurious PnP icons
may appear in various locations of PnP dialogs. There is no known fix
for this.

'/dialog: 'pnp.config' creation error': You may experience this error
message when opening the /config dialog. (a similar error may occur
with the /theme dialog) This is an issue with Windows resources-
the only way to solve it is to close some programs or reboot and try
again. There is no known permanent fix for this.

